The PK Survival Guide
The following is mainly for defensive purposes. They are general hints to help out any who choose to go pk. They are ways to not be killed every time you are attacked. A good pkiller will learn these and many more ways to survive. Every pkiller has his own way of offense, only trial and error and experience will teach you on how to overcome these live to tell about it.

    Always know your enemy. Use the 'who' command to know who is on at all times.
    Check it often.
    The 'presence' command will show you who is near and in the same area as you. Rely on it.
    Never use a public channel to inform everyone where you are or where you are heading.
    If in trouble use closed channels to ask someone you trust for assistance. Either a reply to a friend,
    the clan channel, or a gtell to someone in your group are alternative ways than using gossip or ooc.
    Groups are very helpful. Two will almost always beat one.
    Even if don't stay together, the gtell channel is a useful one to communicate with others,
    even if you are not in the same room.
    If no one is available, use a pet or a charmed mob.
    The slight experience decrease from being in a group sucks, but dying sucks worse.
    Plus ordering the pet/charmie to rescue you during a fight is a good idea. It takes the damage instead of you.
    A good defense is a good offense.
    If you don't have the spells, keep potions of heal and sanctuary handy.
    Stay spelled up as much as possible. The cost can be great but so is the cost of dying.
    Have your detections up. If you can't see an enemy, chances are he can see you.
    Use potions or scroll as necessary.
    Nosummon-Learn what it means and how it protects you from being summoned to aggressive mobs or enemies.
    Find a safe hiding place. Most who flee to the healer are killed easily there.
    Know how to get there from your recall, blinded and backwards.
    If you have any doubts that you may loose, then you probably might,
    flee while you still have hp left.
    Wimpy - Make it useful to yourself.
    Never announce that you have leveled.
    A good pkiller will check to see if you are in his range.
    Never announce that you have just died or what just killed you.
    Finding a corpse isn't hard to do.
    Keep spare eq somewhere. In a remote room or on a never used mob.
    Dying is bad, and a full loot can take a while to recover from.
    Keep at least one extra weaopn somewhere separate from the rest of your eq. 